DOC-2351: On-premises `Export to PDF` documentation. (#3182)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/partials/individually-licensed-components/export-to-pdf/export-to-pdf-installation.adoc

[[installation]]
== Installation

> > A valid license key is needed in order to install {productname} On-Premises.

Author: ```suggestion
> A valid license key is needed in order to install {pluginname} On-Premises.
```

link:https://www.tiny.cloud/contact/[Contact us] for a trial license key.

=== Supported technologies

The application is provided as a docker image by default.

It can be run with any Open Container runtime tool e.g. link:https://kubernetes.io/[Kubernetes], link:https://www.redhat.com/en/technologies/cloud-computing/openshift[OpenShift], link:https://podman.io/[Podman], link:https://docs.docker.com/[Docker] and many others.

Refer to the xref:individual-export-to-pdf-on-premises.adoc#requirements[Requirements guide] for more information about the hardware and software requirements to run the {pluginname} On-Premises.

=== Setting up the application using a Docker container

> . Use instructions from the {productname} Ecosystem customer dashboard to log into the {pluginname} On-Premises (PDF converter) Docker registry and pull the Docker image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. link:https://www.tiny.cloud/contact/[Contact us] for instructions to log into the {pluginname} On-Premises (PDF converter) Docker registry and pull the Docker image.
```

. Containerize the application using `docker` or `docker-compose`.
. Use a demo page to verify if the application works properly.

==== Containerize example using docker

> Launch the Docker container:
> 
> [source, sh, subs="attributes+"]
> ----
> docker run --init -p 8080:8080 -e LICENSE_KEY=[your_license_key] {dockerimageexporttopdf}:[version]
> ----
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Login to Docker registry:

[source, sh, subs="attributes+"]
----
docker login -u [username] -p [password] registry.containers.tiny.cloud
----

Launch the Docker container:

[source, sh, subs="attributes+"]
----
docker run --init -p 8080:8080 -e LICENSE_KEY=[your_license_key] {dockerimageexporttopdf}:[version]
----

```

. Create the docker-compose.yml file:
+
[source, yml, subs="attributes+"]
----
version: "3.8"
  services:
    image: {dockerimageexporttopdf}:[version]
      ports:
        - "8080:8080"
      restart: always
      init: true
      environment:
        LICENSE_KEY: your_license_key
        # Secret Key is optional
        SECRET_KEY: secret_key
        # Custom request origin is optional
        CUSTOM_REQUEST_ORIGIN: https://your_custom_origin
----
+
For details on `SECRET_KEY` usage check the xref:individual-export-to-pdf-on-premises.adoc#authorization[authorization] section.
+
. Run:

[source, bash]
----
docker-compose up
----

[NOTE]
====
* Without a correct `LICENSE_KEY` the application will not start.
** If the license is invalid, a wrong license key error will display in the logs and the application will not run.
* It is advisable to override the SECRET_KEY variable using a unique and hard to guess string for security reasons.
* If the specific infrastructure has strict CORS enabled, then use the `CUSTOM_REQUEST_ORIGIN` variable to set the origin of requests made by the converter. The default value is `https://pdf-internal`.
====

=== Windows fonts support

> If using Windows fonts like Calibri, Verdana, etc. in PDF files, use the `pdf-converter` Docker image and run it on a Windows operating system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If using Windows fonts like Calibri, Verdana, etc. in PDF files, use the `pdf-converter-windows-tiny` Docker image and run it on a Windows operating system.
```

=== Setting up the application using a Docker container

. link:https://www.tiny.cloud/contact/[Contact us] for instructions to log into the {pluginname} On-Premises (PDF converter) Docker registry and pull the Docker image.
. Containerize the application using `docker` or `docker-compose`.
. Use a demo page to verify if the application works properly.

==== Containerize example using docker

Login to Docker registry:

[source, sh, subs="attributes+"]
----
docker login -u [username] -p [password] registry.containers.tiny.cloud
----

Launch the Docker container:

[source, sh, subs="attributes+"]
----
docker run --init -p 8080:8080 -e LICENSE_KEY=[your_license_key] {dockerimageexporttopdf}:[version]
----

If using authorization provide the SECRET_KEY:

[source, sh, subs="attributes+"]
----
docker run --init -p 8080:8080 -e LICENSE_KEY=[your_license_key] -e SECRET_KEY=[your_secret_key] {dockerimageexporttopdf}:[version]
----

Read more about using authorization in the xref:individual-export-to-pdf-on-premises.adoc#authorization[authorization] section.

==== Containerize example using docker-compose

. Create the docker-compose.yml file:
+
[source, yml, subs="attributes+"]

> ----
> version: "3.8"
>   services:
>     image: {dockerimageexporttopdf}:[version]
>       ports:
>         - "8080:8080"
>       restart: always
>       init: true
>       environment:
>         LICENSE_KEY: your_license_key
>         # Secret Key is optional
>         SECRET_KEY: secret_key
>         # Custom request origin is optional
>         CUSTOM_REQUEST_ORIGIN: https://your_custom_origin
> ----

Reviewer: ```suggestion
----
version: "3.8"
services:
  pdf-converter:
    image: {dockerimageexporttopdf}:[version]
    ports:
      - "8080:8080"
    restart: always
    init: true
    environment:
      LICENSE_KEY: "<license_key>"
      # Secret Key is optional
      SECRET_KEY: "secret_key"
      # Custom request origin is optional
      CUSTOM_REQUEST_ORIGIN: "https://your_custom_origin"
----
```

[[installation]]
== Installation

> > A valid license key is needed in order to install {pluginname} On-Premises.

Reviewer 2: Convert into a note-box

Author: ```suggestion
[NOTE]
A valid license key is needed in order to install {pluginname} On-Premises.
```

link:https://www.tiny.cloud/contact/[Contact us] for a trial license key.

=== Supported technologies

The application is provided as a docker image by default.

It can be run with any Open Container runtime tool e.g. link:https://kubernetes.io/[Kubernetes], link:https://www.redhat.com/en/technologies/cloud-computing/openshift[OpenShift], link:https://podman.io/[Podman], link:https://docs.docker.com/[Docker] and many others.

Refer to the xref:individual-export-to-pdf-on-premises.adoc#requirements[Requirements guide] for more information about the hardware and software requirements to run the {pluginname} On-Premises.

=== Setting up the application using a Docker container

> . link:https://www.tiny.cloud/contact/[Contact us] for instructions to log into the {pluginname} On-Premises (PDF converter) Docker registry and pull the Docker image.

Reviewer 2: Change to something like
> Use the username and password provided to you by Tiny to login to the Docker registry and pull the Docker image.

Author: ```suggestion
The username and password credentials supplied by Tiny are utilized for logging into the Docker registry and retrieving the Docker image.
```

. Containerize the application using `docker` or `docker-compose`.
. Use a demo page to verify if the application works properly.

==== Containerize example using docker

Login to Docker registry:

[source, sh, subs="attributes+"]
----
docker login -u [username] -p [password] registry.containers.tiny.cloud
----

Launch the Docker container:

[source, sh, subs="attributes+"]
----
docker run --init -p 8080:8080 -e LICENSE_KEY=[your_license_key] {dockerimageexporttopdf}:[version]
----

If using authorization provide the SECRET_KEY:

[source, sh, subs="attributes+"]
----
docker run --init -p 8080:8080 -e LICENSE_KEY=[your_license_key] -e SECRET_KEY=[your_secret_key] {dockerimageexporttopdf}:[version]
----

Read more about using authorization in the xref:individual-export-to-pdf-on-premises.adoc#authorization[authorization] section.

==== Containerize example using docker-compose

. Create the docker-compose.yml file:
+
[source, yml, subs="attributes+"]
----
version: "3.8"
services:
  pdf-converter:
    image: {dockerimageexporttopdf}:[version]
    ports:
      - "8080:8080"
    restart: always
    init: true
    environment:

>       LICENSE_KEY: "<license_key>"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      LICENSE_KEY: "license_key"
```

[[installation]]
== Installation

[NOTE]
A valid license key is needed in order to install {pluginname} On-Premises.

> link:https://www.tiny.cloud/contact/[Contact us] for a trial license key.

Author: @lostkeys we should remove this if we do not offer a `trial license key`.
```suggestion
```

=== Setting up the application using a Docker container

. The username and password credentials supplied by Tiny are utilized for logging into the Docker registry and retrieving the Docker image.
. Containerize the application using `docker` or `docker-compose`.
. Use a demo page to verify if the application works properly.

==== Containerize example using docker

Login to Docker registry:

[source, sh, subs="attributes+"]
----
docker login -u [username] -p [password] registry.containers.tiny.cloud
----

Launch the Docker container:

[source, sh, subs="attributes+"]
----
docker run --init -p 8080:8080 -e LICENSE_KEY=[your_license_key] {dockerimageexporttopdf}:[version]
----

If using authorization provide the SECRET_KEY:

[source, sh, subs="attributes+"]
----
docker run --init -p 8080:8080 -e LICENSE_KEY=[your_license_key] -e SECRET_KEY=[your_secret_key] {dockerimageexporttopdf}:[version]
----

Read more about using authorization in the xref:individual-export-to-pdf-on-premises.adoc#authorization[authorization] section.

==== Containerize example using docker-compose

. Create the docker-compose.yml file:
+
[source, yml, subs="attributes+"]
----
version: "3.8"
services:

>   pdf-converter:

Author: @ShiridiGandham should this be `pdf-converter-tiny` to match?
```suggestion
  pdf-converter-tiny:
```

Reviewer: Confirmed.

[[installation]]
== Installation

[NOTE]
A valid license key is needed in order to install {pluginname} On-Premises.
link:https://www.tiny.cloud/contact/[Contact us] for a trial license key.

=== Supported technologies

The application is provided as a docker image by default.

It can be run with any Open Container runtime tool e.g. link:https://kubernetes.io/[Kubernetes], link:https://www.redhat.com/en/technologies/cloud-computing/openshift[OpenShift], link:https://podman.io/[Podman], link:https://docs.docker.com/[Docker] and many others.

Refer to the xref:individual-export-to-pdf-on-premises.adoc#requirements[Requirements guide] for more information about the hardware and software requirements to run the {pluginname} On-Premises.

=== Setting up the application using a Docker container

> The username and password credentials supplied by Tiny are utilized for logging into the Docker registry and retrieving the Docker image.
> 
> . Containerize the application using `docker` or `docker-compose`.

Author: ```suggestion
. The username and password credentials supplied by Tiny are utilized for logging into the Docker registry and retrieving the Docker image.
. Containerize the application using `docker` or `docker-compose`.
```
